---
layout: page
title: About me
page-class: page--about
meta: "About Harry Roberts’ work, abilities, and services"
permalink: /about/
---

Hi there, I’m Harry; I am an [award-winning](https://thenetawards.com/)
Consultant Front-end Architect, writer, and speaker from the UK. I help
companies all over the world write better quality, more manageable, more
scalable user interfaces. I am [available for
work](mailto:harry@csswizardry.com?subject=Let%E2%80%99s%20work%20together).

<figure>
  <img src="/img/content/me.jpg" alt="">
  <figcaption>
      On stage at <a href="http://2013.beyondtellerrand.com/">beyond tellerrand</a>.
      <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/stn1978/8899790026/">Photo</a> by
      <a href="https://twitter.com/stn1978">Stefan Nitzsche</a>.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Named <b>Young Developer of the Year</b> (2014) by <cite>net</cite> magazine,
I was previously a Senior Developer at [BSkyB](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BSkyB),
and have consulted with clients including the <b>BBC</b>, the <b>NHS</b>,
<b>Booking.com</b>, and the <b>Financial Times</b>. I specialise in
architecting, writing, and scaling CSS for large sites, apps, and products in
large-team environments.

I [write](http://csswizardry.com/2013/12/i-wrote-part-of-a-book/),
[work](http://csswizardry.com/work/),
[speak](https://speakerdeck.com/csswizardry), and [run
workshops](http://csswizardry.com/speaking/) across the globe covering
pragmatic, product-led approaches to building and scaling large front-ends for
long-running projects and products. I specialise in OOCSS, architecture,
scalability, front-end performance, and mobile and responsive web
design and development.

<blockquote class="pull-quote">
    <p>I’ve got a crush on Harry Roberts…</p>
    <b class="pull-quote__source"><a href="http://unfinished.bz/11">Andrew Clarke</a></b>
</blockquote>

I am a member of [Smashing Magazine’s](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/) Experts
Panel, co-author of [a book on new approaches to web
development](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/smashing-book-4-new-perspectives/),
and lead and sole developer of the increasingly popular, open-source, OOCSS
framework [<cite>inuitcss</cite>](http://twitter.com/inuitcss). For a more
comprehensive overview, please see [my CV](http://csswizardry.com/csscv/).

Most importantly, I am <strong>available for hire</strong> to help people build
great products. <b>Workshops</b>, <b>consultancy</b>, <b>training</b>,
<b>advice</b>, <b>development</b>, and more are all available to clients of all
shapes and sizes, all over the world:

<a href="http://csswizardry.com/work/" class="btn  btn--full"><strong>Hire
me.</strong></a>

---

## Colophon

CSS Wizardry makes use of many great tools and services; tools and services that
make my life as a developer much, much simpler.

CSS Wizardry is built on [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/), an open source static
site generator. This is hosted using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

The CSS is written in [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/), and built on top of
[inuitcss](https://github.com/inuitcss). inuitcss is a free, open-source,
Sass-based, OOCSS framework with a strong focus on performance, scalability, and
a small footprint. This is then built into [ITCSS](http://itcss.io), a
proprietary CSS architecture of mine which is designed to aid the growth and
maintainability of CSS projects.

The font used is [Open Sans](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Sans), and is
served via [Google Fonts](https://www.google.com/fonts). The icons are from the
[Iconic](https://useiconic.com/) icon system. The photograph used on the
homepage’s masthead is of me speaking at [DotYork](http://dotyork.com/), and was
taken by [Jim Poyner](http://jimpoyner.co.uk/).

Responsive testing was made possible by [Finch](https://meetfinch.com/), an
incredible tool for exposing local dev sites to the open internet.

CSS Wizardry’s roadmap and task list are viewable on [a public Trello
board](https://trello.com/b/5vYEHwrP/csswizardry-com), and all of the code that
powers it can be found [on
GitHub](https://github.com/csswizardry/csswizardry.github.com). Feel free to
take a look round, but please don’t steal anything.

---

## Contact

I am open to interesting and fun consulting gigs, short-term contracts,
workshops and any exciting projects working with nice people **starting in
2014**. If you think you have something we can work together on then [get in
touch](mailto:harry@csswizardry.com).

Please note that I get a _lot_ of email, so it may take me a while to get back
to you. I do try and reply to everyone, no matter how long it might take, but I
do also try and prioritise the order in which I respond: client and work-related
emails first, then speaking requests, and then general requests for help and
advice.

If I do seem to be taking a while to respond, I would not be at all offended if
you tweeted at me, or sent me a follow-up email, to remind me to reply.

<dl>

    <dt>Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/csswizardry">@csswizardry</a></dt>
    <dd>For informal, quick contact and questions, feel free to fire me a
    Tweet!</dd>

    <dt>Email: <a href="mailto:harry@csswizardry.com">harry@csswizardry.com</a></dt>
    <dd>For longer enquiries and questions, please send me an email.</dd>

</dl>
